# LOVESTRUCK
**Hi! I'm Iriz and here is a short compilation of my top 5 favorite songs at the moment. I hope that through this compilation you may also grow appreciation to the following songs. Ever since I was a young girl I have always been facinated by music, music wasn't just simple songs for me it was a cause of my joy and a better way of how I understood myself, my life, and the people around me. Relating to songs helps us know that we aren't the only ones going through endless struggles, experiencing heartbreaks, being in love and in short, living. Music is an outlet for all of us to inspire and be inspired.**

---

# 1. bad - wave to earth
<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/5TZKpQFKCbIlWGD8DzHbC6?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

The song "bad" by Wave to Earth appears to be a love song about how the singer's day is not bad when they are with their significant other. The chorus suggests that the presence of the person they love is enough to turn a potentially bad day into a good one. The verses describe the singer's mundane day, spent watching Netflix and feeling bored until they happen to run into their lover in the park. The moment they greet each other, there is an instant connection that brings happiness to the singer's day.The second verse describes the beauty of the singer's lover in the morning light and how it makes them feel like they are in love. The final lines of the song suggest that the singer's significant other not only makes them laugh but also gives them love, making their day even better. Overall, "bad" seems to be a simple love song about finding joy in the presence of a loved one and how their love can transform an otherwise dull day. SOURCE: https://www.songtell.com/wave-to-earth/bad

# 2. delicate - taylor swift
<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/6NFyWDv5CjfwuzoCkw47Xf?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

"Delicate" by Taylor Swift is a song about the difficulty of being vulnerable with someone. In the song, she expresses the emotions and uncertainty that come with being interested in someone, but not knowing if they feel the same way and not knowing if it is the right time to act on it. Despite this, she is still willing to take a chance and put herself out there, knowing that the relationship may be delicate and fragile, but is worth the risk. The chorus conveys the sentiment of not knowing what her partner is thinking and feeling, but still wanting to let him know how she feels before it is too late. SOURCE: https://www.songtell.com/taylor-swift/delicate
